[DRAFT] Custom Errors for ENSIP-10 (#18)
ensdomains/ensips: ensips/x.md

---
description: Custom Errors for ENSIP-10 
contributors:
  - raffy.eth
ensip:
  created: '2025-03-01'
  status: draft
---

# ENSIP-X: Custom Errors for ENSIP-10

## Abstract

> This standard establishes [custom errors](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/contracts.html#custom-errors) for [ENSIP-10](./10.md) `resolve()` to improve the resolution experience and disambiguate the following situations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This standard establishes [custom errors](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/contracts.html#custom-errors) for [ENSIP-10](https://docs.ens.domains/ensip/10) `resolve()` to improve the resolution experience and disambiguate the following situations:
```

Reviewer: Relative links break on the ENSIP docs site.

* the [resolver profile](https://github.com/ensdomains/ens-contracts/tree/staging/contracts/resolvers/profiles) (eg. `contenthash()`) is not supported
* the name (eg. `nick.eth`) does not exist
* all other resolution errors

## Motivation

ENS and the broader Ethereum ecosystem are becoming increasingly multichain.  [ERC-3668](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3668) enables offchain access and ENSIP-10 allows a complete namespace to be bridged from another chain.

> Currently, it is difficult to programmatically disambiguate between resolution responses that have different end-user consequences.  Clients are forced interpret `null` and resolution reverts as *this record does not exist*.  There is no reliable technique to check if a name exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it is difficult to programmatically disambiguate between resolution responses that have different end-user consequences.  Clients are forced to interpret `null` and resolution reverts as *this record does not exist*.  There is no reliable technique to check if a name exists.
```
